All apps get a default content when no content is provided. (#2844)
beeware/toga: changes/2818.bugfix.rst

> When no content is provided in the Window object, default to empty Box.

Reviewer: A Window is now guaranteed to have a content widget. If no content is provided at time of construction, an empty Box widget will be added as the content.

> When no content is provided in the Window object, default to empty Box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Window is now guaranteed to have a content widget. If no content is provided at time of construction, an empty Box widget will be added as the content.
```
